docs: add funding and stipend document (#12)
vitejs/.github: FUNDING.md

- **Potential Tax Benefits.** Because funds are paid to the Open Source Collective, a 501(c)(6) organization in the U.S., there may be tax benefits for some donors (please check with your accountant).
- **Automatic Invoicing.** For corporate sponsors, Open Collective automatically generates and sends invoices for tracking purposes.
- **Open Participation.** Anyone can request reimbursement for funds spent helping the Vite project & ecosystem and Vite can pay out to anyone.

_List borrowed from [ESLint: "Funding ESLint's Future."](https://eslint.org/blog/2019/02/funding-eslint-future)_

## Distributing Funds

100% of money raised is invested back into the Vite ecosystem and dependencies. For example:

- **Improve codebase.**
- **Improve documentation.**
- **Improve translations.**
- **Improve website.**
- **Support upstream dependencies.**
- **Support important ecosystem plugins.**
- And more that will benefit Vite in some way.

See all past expenses on our [Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/vite/expenses).

### Core Maintainer Stipend

> A stipend of up to $3000 USD per calendar month is available to all core maintainers. Any time spent improving or supporting the project in some way counts towards this stipend: writing code, writing documentation, triaging issues, offering support in our Discord server, attending meetings (and meetups) on behalf of Vite, contributing to our upstream dependencies, and so on, unless you are already being paid for this work under another contract or agreement. For example, if you are paid by your employer or otherwise contracted to contribute to Vite, you should not also claim a stipend for those hours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Core Team Member Stipend

A stipend of up to $3000 USD per calendar month is available to all core team members. Any time spent improving or supporting the project in some way counts towards this stipend: writing code, writing documentation, triaging issues, offering support in our Discord server, attending meetings (and meetups) on behalf of Vite, contributing to our upstream dependencies, and so on, unless you are already being paid for this work under another contract or agreement. For example, if you are paid by your employer or otherwise contracted to contribute to Vite, you should not also claim a stipend for those hours.
```

- **Individual and Corporate Sponsors.** Open Collective makes it easy for both individuals and companies to sponsor open source projects.
- **Potential Tax Benefits.** Because funds are paid to the Open Source Collective, a 501(c)(6) organization in the U.S., there may be tax benefits for some donors (please check with your accountant).
- **Automatic Invoicing.** For corporate sponsors, Open Collective automatically generates and sends invoices for tracking purposes.
- **Open Participation.** Anyone can request reimbursement for funds spent helping the Vite project & ecosystem and Vite can pay out to anyone.

_List borrowed from [ESLint: "Funding ESLint's Future."](https://eslint.org/blog/2019/02/funding-eslint-future)_

## Distributing Funds

100% of money raised is invested back into the community. Every dollar spent **must** support and/or improve Vite in some way. For example:

- **Improve codebase.**
- **Improve documentation.**
- **Improve translations.**
- **Improve website.**
- **User research.**
- **Supporting contributors.**
- **Sponsoring conferences.**
- **Sponsoring community members to represent Vite at meetups, conferences, etc.**

> - **Dedicated support for GitHub, Discord, Stack Overflow, etc.**

Reviewer 2: I think we should make this more broad to also include projects in the vite ecosystem and our dependencies. The Vite Open Collective is the most visible from the OCs in the ecosystem (even compared to Vitest for example, and more so with the potential OC of a widely used plugin), so there is a responsibility to distribute these funds to the wider ecosystem. I would prefer less focus on the kind of tasks and more on who are we going to help.

Author: Should we update this as `and/or improve Vite and its ecosystem in some way`. And remove the example altogether? I don't think we need to be specific with the examples and the "ecosystem" should cover what you mean.

Reviewer 3: I think the list is good to show that it's not about just time spent coding. What do you put behind 'Supporting contributors' and 'Supporting conferences'?

Reviewer: Updating to `and/or improve Vite and its ecosystem in some way` sounds good to me. I think we can keep the list as these are examples.

Author: I've updated the list and mention the ecosystem & dependencies instead
